[Music]
huh it's you you're gonna get me in
trouble daddy something could hear me
I wish someone wanted to hear me other
than you I know I'm not supposed to love
music no music no music but my
great-grandma Coco's father was the
greatest musician of all time even esto
de la cruz one day he left with his
guitar and never returned my family
thinks music has occurs
great-great-grandfather none of them
understand me
I'm supposed to play music all right
[Music]
you're really out there agents at the
Department of family reunions are
available to assist you on the lookout
for a living boy begin you here we're
your family
I know your grandpa I'll get you to him
skeleton no skeletons don't walk like
that that's how you walk no I don't
there's no one left in the living world
who remembers you you disappear from
this world but you can change that
we gotta find my cricket grandpa you've
got a do it by Sunrise what happens at
sunrise you'll be stuck your fruit Brad
I'm a big fan
never born how much your family loves
you it's almost sunrise one cannot deny
who one is meant to be doesn't have any
hair and I don't have a nose and yet
here we are